oh god that oh god you wrecked my intro
cow baby cow whatever you want to say
calf you wrecked it you were supposed to
be on our CCTV camera you wrecked it
damn cow I must kill you I can't even
say welcome to all right welcome guys -
sold 130 of minecraft and as you can see
there is double iPod mail and now can't
see me now you can all right I'm using
the CCTV camera mod and what you can see
basically a camera which is this part
and nothing you can see I so here is the
CCT monitor and the camera and you can
place the camera wherever you want let's
say we will be lasik and overlooking
this beautiful landscape like this and
we can place the mater
and there is the landscape that we are
filming so we can flip ourselves around
and we can be on camera all that feel
that failed again there we go hello oh
god I was supposed to punch the air but
now that's the one bug or annoying thing
is that it's one hit to break it it's
instant break so if you want to move it
it's very easy but if you accidentally
hit it that's very frustrating so I'm
waving to you guys and hopefully you're
waving back at me so how would you
create it you simply created by having
it's a very weird unbalanced formula to
create it so this is how you create a
CCTV which is very strange you need wood
cobblestone and dirt and to create the
monitor you just create this in the same
items so I'm guessing this is still in
alpha otherwise this is
a horrible mod for imagine if we can
have multiple we can have ultra vision
we have double vision well that's gonna
be awesome
what if we have two video cameras no it
swamps oh great now nothing's filming i
command you to film or not they need a
place over here and there we go so i
thank you guys for watching don't forget
to rate comment and subscribe and I will
quickly make a third monitor cuz I'm
what is pushing me great is that my cow
what is that what was that almost
goddamn pushing me I'm strange alright
so we need our dirt cobble stone and
wood to create our third monitor
ultimate awesomeness alright there's
three of us so I'm gonna wave goodbye
and I'm gonna say thank you guys for
watching